Add adders by copy documentation (#3472)
powsybl/powsybl-core: docs/grid_model/adders_by_copy.md

# Adders by copy

Adders by copy allow users to quickly and easily create objects by taking existing ones as "models" and then changing what needs to be changed before adding the object to the network.

At the moment, adders by copy are available for the objects listed below.

## Lines

You can create a [`Line`](network_subnetwork.md#line) object from another existing [`Line`](network_subnetwork.md#line) object.
Some characteristics of the new [line](network_subnetwork.md#line) are pre-filled with the characteristics of the "model" [line](network_subnetwork.md#line):
- R
- X
- G1 and G2
- B1 and B2
- The [voltage levels](network_subnetwork.md#voltage-level) at each side of the [line](network_subnetwork.md#line)

Operational limits are also copied from the model line.

> Other attributes of the new [line](network_subnetwork.md#line) are filled up by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other attributes of the new [line](network_subnetwork.md#line) may (or should, for mandatory ones) be filled up by the user.
```

(Idem for the other elements.)

```java
generator.newReactiveCapabilityCurve(existingReactiveCapabilityCurve)
        .add();
```

NB : another point could be added to the new object if needed.

## Loading limits

You can add limits to an [OperationalLimitsGroup](additional.md#limit-group-collection) by copying existing limits. The following elements are copied:
- The permanent limit value;
- For all the temporary limits: their name, value, acceptable duration and whether they are flagged as fictitious.

In the following example, `CurrentLimits`, `ActivePowerLimits` and `ApparentPowerLimits` are added to an [OperationalLimitsGroup](additional.md#limit-group-collection) object from existing objects:

```java
operationalLimitsGroup.newCurrentLimits(existingCurrentLimits).add();
operationalLimitsGroup.newActivePowerLimits(existingActivePowerLimits).add();
operationalLimitsGroup.newCurrentLimits(existingApparentPowerLimits).add();
```

It is also possible to use a higher-level function to copy operational limits from an existing [Line](network_subnetwork.md#line) `existingLine` to a new [Line](network_subnetwork.md#line) `otherLine`:

```java

> copyOperationalLimits(existingLine, otherLine);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LoadingLimitsUtil.copyOperationalLimits(existingLine, otherLine);
```
